[modules][av][Android] Fix libraries using ViewDefinitionBuilder.kt crashes in release with proguard enabled (#20197)
expo/expo: packages/expo-av/CHANGELOG.md

### 🐛 Bug fixes

- Fixed build errors when testing on React Native nightly builds. ([#19805](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/19805) by [@kudo](https://github.com/kudo))

> - Fixed crashes in the release when the proguard is enabled on Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed crashes when ProGuard or R8 is enabled on Android.
```
